Ext docs tweeks (#1826)
kyma-project/busola: docs/extensibility/resources.md

## _form_ section

> To customize the **form** section see the [form section docs](form-section.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To customize the **form** section, see the [form section docs](form-sections.md).
```
Please change the the file name to `sections`

> To customize the **form** section see the [form section docs](form-section.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To customize the **form** section see the [form section](form-section.md) documentation.
```

> Views created with the extensibility [ConfigMap wizard](README.md) have by default a straightforward form configuration that might suffice your needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Views created with the extensibility [ConfigMap wizard](README.md) have a straightforward form configuration by default.
```

## _list_ section

> The **list** section presents the resources of a kind, that is, Secrets or ConfigMaps, and comes with a few predefined columns: resource name, creation time, and labels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **list** section presents the resources of a kind, that is, Secrets or ConfigMaps, and comes with a few predefined columns: **Name**, **Created**, and **Labels**.
```

> The **list** section presents the resources of a kind (i.e. secrets or configMaps) and comes with a few predefined columns: resource name, creation time and labels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **list** section presents the resources of a kind, that is, Secrets or ConfigMaps, and comes with a few predefined columns: resource name, creation time, and labels.
```

> Should you want to add your own columns, the [display sections docs](display-sections.md) presents how to customize both list and details views.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Should you want to add your own columns, see [Display sections](display-sections.md) to learn how to customize both list and details views.
```

## _details_ section

> The **details** section presents a resource details. To customize it, see the [display sections docs](display-sections.md). Default details header contains some basic information. Body is by default empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **details** section presents the resource details. To customize it, see [Display sections](display-sections.md). The default details header contains some basic information. The body is empty by default.
```
